- [Instructor] We've reached the end of this course,
but this is just the start of your journey
using Forms, Power Automate, Excel, and Power BI
to take your data management to a new level.
You may want to enhance
the skills you learned in this course,
or learn totally new technical skills as you advance.
At Microsoft Support,
you can find a variety of videos
to help you refresh and learn.
You can also attend online classes and virtual workshops
hosted by the Microsoft Store.
Thanks for watching,
and I hope that you use these new skills
to help you manage your data more effectively.
I hope you find cool insights as you explore.